Fortunately, when I became the sect master of the Demon Sect 5 years ago
He did not include himself in the point book.
But the uncle is really strong
Maybe he can really open the treasure house of the Demon Sect
Unlock my secrets
He's all right.
What Devil Sect point scrolls are all empty eyes?
I don't know what happened.
It is the text of the Demon Sect coupon.
I keep it all in my mind
Can you really pretend that you know how to devil?
Give you insight
Of course I don't know what happened
I can only say that you people and Demon Sect have no chance to order tickets.
Oh I don't believe in a thousand dollars
How do you prove that what you said is the real ancient music?
In front of the war is the treasure house of the devil
Lord Linglong ordered you to snatch the marriage and snatch Qingyun back
Miss Baguio
We hate the old
Do the math
Is everything ready?
We are ready.